FITNESS AI — AUTOMATIC NOTION SYNCHRONIZATION
Updated 15 September 2026

STATUS
The automatic synchronization code has been added and tested locally.
It is NOT running on a live server yet. This download contains the complete
updated source folder, not an APK or a production-ready release.

WHAT IT DOES
Private Notion exercise answers -> Fitness app backend -> contribution review.
A continuous worker checks every 5 minutes once started. The new free-hosting
GitHub Actions option checks approximately hourly once enabled. Repeat checks do not duplicate
records. Edits are validated. Withdrawal removes imported backend records and
queues clearing/trashing of known linked Notion rows. New data does not
immediately change AI weights.

WHAT IS STILL NEEDED TO SWITCH IT ON
1. A running Fitness API/database plus the included hourly GitHub Actions job
   (or a continuously running worker host).
2. An internal Notion integration with read/update access to Workout Observations.
3. Its token saved privately on the worker host as NOTION_TOKEN.
4. NOTION_DATA_SOURCE_ID set to f334c7a2-43bc-4663-a74c-55575df24f07.
Do not send the token in chat or put it inside the mobile app.

PARTICIPANT SETUP
In the updated app, open Settings. Enable shared learning, then enable
Notion collection. Give the displayed participant code privately to Sourik.
Sourik records the person's explicit consent and uses that code on their
Notion exercise rows. A hand-written code like P001 will not link an account.
No personal Notion account is required for participants.

START THE WORKER
After backend installation and database migrations, from the backend folder:
python -m fitness.notion_worker --once
Then, for continuous sync:
python -m fitness.notion_worker --interval-seconds 300

WHAT TO OPEN NEXT
README.md — start the API and native app.
integrations/notion/README.md — activation, row fields and testing steps.
docs/NOTION_VALIDATION.md — tests and remaining limitations.

This connection imports Notion answers into the app. It does not export native
app logs to Notion, create a public survey form, or deploy trained weights.
Notion may retain deleted data in its own history/backups. App code and host
credentials are separate from ChatGPT's Notion connection.

HOSTING ATTEMPT — 15 SEPTEMBER 2026
Created database fitness_ai in the confirmed Neon project
neon-byzantine-xylophone. Database schema/import is not initialized yet.
No Render service has been created and no paid resource was enabled.
GitHub rejected creation of README.md in SourikGhosh09/Fitness-AI with
403: Resource not accessible by integration. The repository is still empty.

NEXT ACCESS STEP
Open https://github.com/settings/installations. Find the GitHub application
used by this ChatGPT connection, click Configure, select Fitness-AI under
repository access, and save. Review its permissions: source publication needs
Contents write permission and workflow publication needs Workflows write
permission. GitHub App permissions are defined by the app; if only read access
is offered, that connection cannot publish this code. Do not send passwords
or tokens in chat.

The package includes scripts/render_build.sh, verified asset restoration, and
.github/workflows/notion-sync.yml. Sync stays disabled until its two secrets
and NOTION_SYNC_ENABLED=true are configured. See docs/RENDER_NOTION_DEPLOYMENT.md.
Validation: 127 backend tests passed, plus 2 asset restoration tests.
Existing exercise classifier weights are bundled. No participant training
was run this turn; no live model was activated.
